DOCSP-35785: added --deployment-name flag and page metadata (#795)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/cli/appservices-users-count.txt

   :depth: 1
   :class: singlecol

> Displays the total count of application users of your app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Displays the number of total application users of your app, across all Auth Provider types.
```
I would keep the first description for clarity!
